fix: small tweaks (#22)
ubbe-xyz/nextra-docs: pages/overview/index.mdx

## What is Auth.js?

> <Callout type="info">
>   Note that because of preventing breaking changes on package imports,
>   `next-auth` is the only framework package which is not named following the
>   `@auth/*` convention. This library initially was born as `next-auth` but [over
>   the years has evolved](/overview/contributors#history) to be framework
>   agnostic. That means Next.js will continue to install `next-auth`, while other
>   frameworks their `@auth/[framework]` variant
> </Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="info">
  Note that because of preventing breaking changes on package imports,
  `next-auth` is the only framework package that is not named following the
  `@auth/*` convention. Auth.js was born out of `next-auth` but [over
  the years has evolved](/overview/contributors#history) to be framework
  agnostic. That means Next.js users will continue to install `next-auth` for now, while other
  frameworks their are available at `@auth/[framework]`.
</Callout>
```
